robbery a militia
when does your wife play for expertise
does not mean that he returned with the same
life turned out to be so real
proof of those
who should be responsible for them
for this gas will be raised
as told to demand reimbursement
of damage
mirror
honestly i am my investigation
Alexander Aleshin on the car shot down
pedestrian
for examination the car was taken to
special parking Guvd Moscow
because only after half a year when the court
found Alexander innocent
the car was allowed to pick up
but as it turned out to mars
Not a day is not enough details
kovalev
proper steering
onboard computer accession to the EC I
often communicate with the upcoming after
appeals
against this background it is easy for him
no documents police officer and
does not require
we looked when our cars
square
along with the play about the threat organized
half a year ago but still not here
lighting and even normal overboard in
the problem will be solved soon
changed a minute
feature all the rumors that
the cost of the work contract employees
un there will be opportunities existed
check shot before creditors
for real
this case and the only one
in ulyanovsk alexander aksakov's car
barbarous looted right on
parking in front of the earlier morrell militiamen
for this I did not even notice
it's good
after the accident, the car of Alexander and the second
the participant should have been put on
fine car
she was brought here supposedly for examination
the car was just to strike
but laura seems like a mockery
changed the glass to a new one
when the car is taken on
special place requires acceptance certificate
transmission
in which there should be a detailed inventory
way all the details of the car also
must be signed by the driver to tourists
custody of this
car
Alexander Pleshakov
already spent independent
expertise
car recovery not
subject to but the car he did not give
police examination not
is finished
long-term signature sequence
but here is Alexander Miroshin but also parking
caused a police squad dimitriev he
sees our film crew work necessary
nasal sprays left
Alexander turned to management
own security
I refuse to work there on the contrary
actively launched an investigation
red caused
illegal actions or inaction
officials or body
she is state authority and subject to
reimbursement due to treasury accordingly
subject of the Russian Federation or treasury
municipal formation
feel free to contact
30 says evgeniy side internal
Affairs which belongs parking
if you want maybe nobody
will be
but more disintegrated
reimburse debtor
really not at the expense of who is behind